RepoCanary scan: acme/widget (ref: main)

Verdict: YELLOW

Caution: acme/widget has suspicious signals. Do not run it until they are
explained.

  Yellow means suspicious signals accumulated without a definitive signature.
  Someone experienced should review the findings below before anyone runs this
  code.

Scanned 2 files (0 KB). Findings: 0 high, 1 medium, 1 low.

Findings

  1. [MEDIUM] typosquat-dependency
     package.json:9
     > "lodasg": "^4.17.0"
     Why it matters: The dependency "lodasg" is one keystroke away from the
     popular package "lodash". Attackers publish lookalike names so that a
     hurried reader sees the name they expect. It could be an unrelated
     legitimate package, but the resemblance is exactly what typosquatting
     exploits.
     What to do: Look up "lodasg" on npmjs.com: check its weekly downloads and
     publish date before trusting it.

  2. [LOW] lifecycle-script
     package.json:5
     > "prepare": "node scripts/setup.js"
     Why it matters: This package runs a "prepare" script automatically when
     you type npm install, and also when the package is installed from a git
     source, before you review or run anything. That is common in legitimate
     projects (copying files, setting up tooling), but it is also the entry
     point malware uses.
     What to do: Read what the "prepare" script actually does (and any file it
     invokes) before installing.
     The script it runs (scripts/setup.js):
     | const fs = require("fs");
     | if (!fs.existsSync(".env")) fs.copyFileSync(".env.example", ".env");
     | 

What to do next
  - Do not run this repository until the findings below are explained by
    someone you trust.
  - Ask the sender why a take-home task needs the flagged behavior; a
    legitimate one rarely does.
  - If anything about how you got this repo feels off (urgency, unsolicited
    contact, unverifiable company), treat it as a scam.

A green verdict means nothing known matched: none of RepoCanary's known attack
signatures fired. It is not proof the repository is safe.
RepoCanary never downloads, installs, or executes the repository; it only
reads files over the GitHub API and matches known patterns.

Exit code: 1 (0 green, 1 yellow, 2 red, 3 scan failed)
